Update reusing-config.md (#7448)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/reusing-config.md

---|---|---
description | Optional. Used to generate documentation for your orb. | N/A
type | Required. See **Parameter Types** in the section below for details. | N/A

> default | Required. The default value for the parameter. If the parameter is required, use his own name for the default value and check if it exist with an if. | N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default | Default value for the parameter. Can be overridden. If a default is not supplied the parameter becomes mandatory. | N/A
```
